Our group has visualized world happiness and potential
contributing factors.
The first visualization is an interactive world map. The darker a country is, the higher its score on the world happiness index.
You can hover over any country to see its name, happiness index score, and other metrics.
And Double Click to zoom in closer on the country,
or zoom in and out manually.
You can also use the slider on the top left to view either 2018, 2019, or 2020.
The minimum, maximum, and average scores for the corresponding year appear above the map.
Below the world map is a scatter plot matrix comparing the other factors with the happiness index and each other. Each data point corresponds to a country and is colored based on which region that country is a part of.
Divya Iyer: By brushing over any data points the corresponding points in every other scatter plot will highlight.